README.md, before:

# System76 Power Management

**system76-power** is a utility for managing graphics and power profiles.

## Graphics Modes

### Integrated

The integrated graphics controller on the Intel or AMD CPU is used exclusively.

Lower graphical performance with a longer battery life.

External displays connected to the dGPU ports cannot be used.

### NVIDIA

The dGPU (NVIDIA) is used exclusively.

Higher graphical performance at the expense of a shorter battery life.

Allows using external displays.

### Hybrid

Enables PRIME render offloading. The iGPU is used as the primary renderer, with
the ability to have specific applications render using the dGPU.

PRIME render offloading requires the 435.17 NVIDIA drivers or later.

Applications must use [GLVND] to take advantage of this feature, so may not
render on the dGPU even when requested. Vulkan applications must be launched
with `__NV_PRIME_RENDER_OFFLOAD=1` to render on the dGPU. GLX applications must
be launched with `__NV_PRIME_RENDER_OFFLOAD=1 __GLX_VENDOR_LIBRARY_NAME=nvidia`
to render on the dGPU.

External displays connected to the dGPU ports cannot be used. The NVIDIA
drivers currently do not support display offload sink ("reverse PRIME") when
configured for render offloading.

NVIDIA driver power management is only fully implemented for Turing cards. This
allows them to enter a low power state when not used. Pascal cards are not
supported and will remain on, even when not in use.


[GLVND]: https://github.com/NVIDIA/libglvnd

Commit message:

Add "compute" graphics mode
Introduce a new "compute" mode that performs all rendering on the
integrated graphics, but makes the dGPU available on the bus (with the
NVIDIA drivers loaded) as a compute node.

README.md, after:

# System76 Power Management

**system76-power** is a utility for managing graphics and power profiles.

## Graphics Modes

### Integrated

The integrated graphics controller on the Intel or AMD CPU is used exclusively.

Lower graphical performance with a longer battery life.

External displays connected to the dGPU ports cannot be used.

### NVIDIA

The dGPU (NVIDIA) is used exclusively.

Higher graphical performance at the expense of a shorter battery life.

Allows using external displays.

### Hybrid

Enables PRIME render offloading. The iGPU is used as the primary renderer, with
the ability to have specific applications render using the dGPU.

PRIME render offloading requires the 435.17 NVIDIA drivers or later.

Applications must use [GLVND] to take advantage of this feature, so may not
render on the dGPU even when requested. Vulkan applications must be launched
with `__NV_PRIME_RENDER_OFFLOAD=1` to render on the dGPU. GLX applications must
be launched with `__NV_PRIME_RENDER_OFFLOAD=1 __GLX_VENDOR_LIBRARY_NAME=nvidia`
to render on the dGPU.

External displays connected to the dGPU ports cannot be used. The NVIDIA
drivers currently do not support display offload sink ("reverse PRIME") when
configured for render offloading.

NVIDIA driver power management is only fully implemented for Turing cards. This
allows them to enter a low power state when not used. Pascal cards are not
supported and will remain on, even when not in use.

[GLVND]: https://gitlab.freedesktop.org/glvnd/libglvnd

### Compute

The integrated graphics controller is used exclusively for rendering. The dGPU
is made available as a compute node.
