TESTING.md, before:

# Testing

This document provides a guideline for testing and verifying the expected behaviors of the project. When a patch is ready for testing, the checklists may be copied and marked as they are proven to be working.

## Checklists

Tasks for a tester to verify when approving a patch.

### CLI

Tasks which test the behavior of the CLI client.

- [ ] Power profiles can be queried and set
- [ ] Laptop with switchable graphics:
    - [ ] Switchable graphics can be queried
        - Command returns `not switchable` on a non-switchable system
        - Command returns `switchable` on a laptop with switchable graphics
    - [ ] Switching from Integrated to NVIDIA
    - [ ] Switching from Integrated to Hybrid
    - [ ] Switching from NVIDIA to Integrated
    - [ ] Switching from NVIDIA to Hybrid
    - [ ] Switching from Hybrid to Integrated
    - [ ] Switching from Hybrid to NVIDIA
    - [ ] Discrete graphics power state can be queried and set


### GNOME Shell

Tasks which test the behavior of the shell extension.

- [ ] Test that the power profile can be switched, and that the dots are correct
- [ ] Test that any power profile change from the CLI is reflected in the extension
- [ ] When switching to balanced, with screen brightness maxed, screen brightness drops to 50%
- [ ] When switching to battery, with screen brightness maxed, screen brightness drops to 10%
- [ ] When switching to balanced, with screen brightness minimized, screen brightness does not change
- [ ] When restarting the daemon, and the daemon defaults to a balanced profile, the brightness should not change
- [ ] When restarting the system, screen brightness should be the same as before
- [ ] Laptop with switchable graphics:
    - [ ] Switching from Integrated to NVIDIA
    - [ ] Switching from Integrated to Hybrid
    - [ ] Switching from NVIDIA to Integrated
    - [ ] Switching from NVIDIA to Hybrid
    - [ ] Switching from Hybrid to Integrated
    - [ ] Switching from Hybrid to NVIDIA
    - [ ] Test that switchable graphics changes from the CLI are reflected in the extension

## How To

Instructions for interacting with features for first-time testers.

### CLI

- Query power profile information
    ```sh
    system76-power profile
    ```
- Set power profile information
    ```sh
    system76-power profile [ battery | balanced | performance ]
    ```
- Query switchable graphics capability
    ```sh
    system76-power graphics switchable
    ```
- Query active graphics
    ```sh
    system76-power graphics
    ```
- Set graphics to integrated
    ```sh
    system76-power graphics integrated
    ```
- Set graphics to NVIDIA
    ```sh
    system76-power graphics nvidia
    ```
- Set graphics to hybrid
    ```sh
    system76-power graphics hybrid
    ```
- Query discrete graphics power state
    ```sh
    ssytem76-power graphics power
    ```
- Set discrete graphics power state
    ```sh
    ssytem76-power graphics power [ on | off]
    ```

Commit message:

Add "compute" graphics mode
Introduce a new "compute" mode that performs all rendering on the
integrated graphics, but makes the dGPU available on the bus (with the
NVIDIA drivers loaded) as a compute node.

TESTING.md, after:

# Testing

This document provides a guideline for testing and verifying the expected behaviors of the project. When a patch is ready for testing, the checklists may be copied and marked as they are proven to be working.

## Checklists

Tasks for a tester to verify when approving a patch.

### CLI

Tasks which test the behavior of the CLI client.

- [ ] Power profiles can be queried and set
- [ ] Laptop with switchable graphics:
    - [ ] Switchable graphics can be queried
        - Command returns `not switchable` on a non-switchable system
        - Command returns `switchable` on a laptop with switchable graphics
    - [ ] Switching from Integrated to NVIDIA
    - [ ] Switching from Integrated to Hybrid
    - [ ] Switching from Integrated to Compute
    - [ ] Switching from NVIDIA to Integrated
    - [ ] Switching from NVIDIA to Hybrid
    - [ ] Switching from NVIDIA to Compute
    - [ ] Switching from Hybrid to Integrated
    - [ ] Switching from Hybrid to NVIDIA
    - [ ] Switching from Hybrid to Compute
    - [ ] Switching from Compute to Integrated
    - [ ] Switching from Compute to NVIDIA
    - [ ] Switching from Compute to Hybrid
    - [ ] Discrete graphics power state can be queried and set


### GNOME Shell

Tasks which test the behavior of the shell extension.

- [ ] Test that the power profile can be switched, and that the dots are correct
- [ ] Test that any power profile change from the CLI is reflected in the extension
- [ ] When switching to balanced, with screen brightness maxed, screen brightness drops to 50%
- [ ] When switching to battery, with screen brightness maxed, screen brightness drops to 10%
- [ ] When switching to balanced, with screen brightness minimized, screen brightness does not change
- [ ] When restarting the daemon, and the daemon defaults to a balanced profile, the brightness should not change
- [ ] When restarting the system, screen brightness should be the same as before
- [ ] Laptop with switchable graphics:
    - [ ] Switching from Integrated to NVIDIA
    - [ ] Switching from Integrated to Hybrid
    - [ ] Switching from NVIDIA to Integrated
    - [ ] Switching from NVIDIA to Hybrid
    - [ ] Switching from Hybrid to Integrated
    - [ ] Switching from Hybrid to NVIDIA
    - [ ] Test that switchable graphics changes from the CLI are reflected in the extension

## How To

Instructions for interacting with features for first-time testers.

### CLI

- Query power profile information
    ```sh
    system76-power profile
    ```
- Set power profile information
    ```sh
    system76-power profile [ battery | balanced | performance ]
    ```
- Query switchable graphics capability
    ```sh
    system76-power graphics switchable
    ```
- Query active graphics
    ```sh
    system76-power graphics
    ```
- Set graphics to integrated
    ```sh
    system76-power graphics integrated
    ```
- Set graphics to NVIDIA
    ```sh
    system76-power graphics nvidia
    ```
- Set graphics to hybrid
    ```sh
    system76-power graphics hybrid
    ```
- Set graphics to compute mode
    ```sh
    system76-power graphics compute
    ```
- Query discrete graphics power state
    ```sh
    ssytem76-power graphics power
    ```
- Set discrete graphics power state
    ```sh
    ssytem76-power graphics power [ on | off]
    ```
